# MetaGA
this is a python file for MetaGA
The whole code will be uploaded to this issue after the manuscript"Optimal sensor placement and structural health monitoring methods of ancient stone bridges based on an improved genetic algorithm taking Lugou Bridge as an example" is accepted.
Authors: Zhang Chengwen
Description: A modified GA called Meta-GA was used to search the optimal solution of the fitness function. Generally, since GA samples DOF with same probability, the genes that have a bad effect on the global optimum will still be chosen repeatedly. That may lead to the decrement of the local search capacity of a GA because the current population possesses low gene abundance levels. 
In Meta-GA, an array that stores the selected probability of each DOF, named as gene library, was introduced first. Then, the initial population is generated by sampling DOFs to form the chromosomes based on the gene library. Second, several competition groups were generated by dividing the initial population. Subsequently, the conventional GA was conducted in each competition group to improve the richness of genes. The genes from the good chromosomes with high fitness values were referred as elite genes. Elite or non-elite genes’ appearance frequencies was used to conduct the updating of the gene library. Third, the whole population was re-generated based on competition groups, and the low fitness value chromosomes were replaced by those resampled from the gene library. Then, the conventional GA operator was applied to the new generated population for one iteration. Finally, the gene library and the population were updated. This loop was performed until the pre-set epoch or termination conditions is satisfied.
